# Mild-Inconveniences

I get mildly inconvenienced quite a bit. And i hate it. So instead of dealing with it, i usually break out my terrible coding skills and attempt to rectify this problem. i try my best to make sure these aren't helpful to society in any way, but sometimes they are. There will be updates, but only when i get Mildly Inconvenienced, which is more often when you think. Epic.

# Notice
I'm a "pull it out of my ass" kind of guy. i doon't bug test my programs often, so using them outside of the defined intentions can lead to some weird results. if i uninstall your antivirus accidently, it's most likely your fault since you disobeyed my clear instructions to not run it in the antiviruses folder. if there is an actual error that is related to the basic functionality of the program, then make an issue. thanks for reading this. also i have no regard for speliing but i have some regard for grammar so my sentences are structured like a harvard professor and spelt like a 3 year old

# Usage
Most of the projects here will have readmes so you know what to do, but here is universal usage. As most programmers do, i have a preferred version of each language i use. Running C# Applications requires you have .NET 3.1 runtime installed (link [here](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet/3.1/runtime)). Any other version will not work. As for python, ~~i use 3.6.8~~ i use 3.10 so you will need that installed including any modules required (requirements will be in the readme). If this repository gets big (i.e 10+ apps) i will start making a suite so everything is built and included in one folder. Also one other special update. I use Android 11 since that is my phones android version (hint hint i'm working on an android app). get fucked iphone users, do not plan on making apps for that shit
# License
so i realised that not having a license will genreally be a turnoff to people, so im adding an imformal one while i try to decide which one is closest to the one im looking at. so this license is the WTFPL (do what the fuck you want public license), and it is a massive turn on for me, specifically that i have no responsibility for my actions now so hooray. there are so many licenses to choose from, GPL, MIT, Apache, what the fuck do they mean? I don't know. If someone has any idea please add an issue thread to explain these bad boys in a nutshell. thanks
